alright guys this is a video on cleaning
your shoelaces
as you can see this shoelace is really
really white color to a sock what am i
sock and do not need bleach for this the
only thing that we're not cleaning is
little tip part because obviously you
got that plastic piece around it so yeah
see is my other shoe lace it's dirty and
so you see that right there
it's been a bad shoelace see all that
dirt and so we'll be cleaning and these
are my true blues so think about first
you need a shout triple acting see this
right here this is good stuff
that's it you also need to fill up the
same hot water
first dip the shoelaces into hot water
from two guys please now I just push out
actually kind of backwards there's two
odd this something whatever just forget
it
why do same thing what is very maybe a
couple minutes so yeah see it's still
not so clean yeah we take a little bit
take some time just keep dipping it into
the line spraying it on there thank you
really even you sprayed on there again
I'll keep doing this for removing a
minute come on you stop down and play it
drain once I kissed and rated and we
just wash it off
to draw it I suggest you get any towel
there's much smaller big NATO Cup your
fingers this you see it's pinching grab
my beliefs and just pinches ours you can
and I pull up and that gets it also dry
because it squeezes all the water out of
it show you McLean disease cleaner
her way clear that's it